Update RBAC doc for managed cluster cache (#61)
stolostron/search-v2-operator: docs/RBAC.md

Find the managed clusters that the user is authorized to view and [cache](#cache) the results.
> 1. Get all the namespaces associated with a managed cluster. We do this once for all users.
>       - CLI: `oc get ManagedClusters`

> > 2. Get all namespaces. We already have this data (Step 3 in Hub Cluster)
> >       - CLI: `oc get namespaces`
> >       - API: [ProjectList](https://docs.okd.io/3.9/rest_api/apis-project.openshift.io/v1.Project.html#Get-apis-project.openshift.io-v1-projects)

Reviewer: We don't need to get all namespaces, we only need the namespaces associated with ManagedClusters (step 1).
```suggestion
```

> > 3. For each namespace, check if the user has permission to view resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3. For each namespace, check if the user has permission to create the ManagedClusterView resource.
```
